today I'm getting my ears pierced
most people get that first tattoo or
piercing is that when they're teenagers
but I never did so I thought I'd make my
mom proud I get my first piercing at 21
Thomas today is getting a piercing
but here's the catch is that we amar die
we're going
what the piercing is and who Pierce's
his ears so it should be pretty
hilarious what Matt doesn't know however
is that there's a second cache truth is
after we give Thomas one piercing the
other one isn't going to go to Thomas
it's gonna go to Matt if Thomas
puts his on he'll be able to pick it up
six to eight weeks it was professional
ear piercer taught Francis Matt and
Ammar how to properly Pearson air and
Matt but he had it all under control
Pat would you ever would you ever do
that nope Matt had unknowingly picked
out the worst piercings you could
possibly find for himself but so far he
was having a great day I'm too excited
so I picked two of Thomas's friends to
do his piercing for him one of them
let's guy right here how goes it my name
is Annie and my friend Francis so here
we go mine
and now matt has been laughing the whole
time what he doesn't know is that he
feels very good trade are you talking
about this I'm not feeling so good about
this stuff it's loving matter dude what
am i doing
going to day two with another success
both Matt and I got tears at home by our
friends Andy and Frances what Amara was
laughing this little mom leg
that's like a fool
got the bread good
just give me a